hello guitarists and future guitarists
welcome to once again do my
guitar you know is the place
come back I will find myself and these better
tutorials to learn how to play the
guitar that was to say if in Spanish I
I distracted this one he punctuated that you just saw
It's quite simple, it's going to come very
good to all those who are
starting to practice with the punteos a
play riffs up link of wonder to
this point also that can serve you as
inspiration when composing a
ballad so nothing we go to it
subscribe if you have not done it yet
I like to add the video to favorites
and comment down there in the video of what
songs you want me to do next
tutorials are already going to leigh
edges let this issue we
can serve as inspiration for a
ballad in the first place we're going to need
a fan power short
in agreement we put the index finger in
the fifth string fret number 8 the finger
cancel on the fourth string fret number
10 and the little finger in the third
fret rope number 10
and we will only play those three strings
the fifth fourth and third agreement and
now let's play the next fifth
fourth third quarter
and now eye because we change the finger
little finger we remove it and place the finger
heart on the third fret rope
number 9 and we're going to play fifth quarter
third fourth
and we reposition the position
original and the game consists of this go
changing as you see the note here
let's see it fifth fourth third
fourth we changed fifth fourth third
fourth we change
do not
and now we change we put the finger
heart on the fifth fret rope
number 10 and we keep the ring finger and
the little finger and now the game with the
that we will change the note
we will do it with the index finger of
agreement we played fifth fourth third
fourth change we remove the finger
little finger and place the index finger on the
third string fret number nine
and we come back to play fifth fourth third
OK
it and place it on the middle finger
the sixth string fret number 10 and
we play sixth fourth fourth and fourth
now we make the change again
we remove the little finger and place the
index finger on the third fret string
number nine and now we play again
sixth fourth third quarter
in agreement
Y
and finally we put the index finger on
the sixth string fret number 8 and
We played third and fourth sixth quarter
we change again by removing the finger
little finger and now placing the finger
heart on the third fret rope
number 9 valley you resist I'll
repeat now all this pointing to
slow speed
and we change
we change again
and finally we changed for the last time
ah
and nobody is ready and you will know how to play
at this point that will come very well
for all those as I told you in
the introduction that you are starting to
play tap riffs introductions of
songs and also for those who
you look for inspiration to compose
your own word so nothing if
you liked the video do not forget to give it
I like it and add it to favorites animates
very much to continue uploading new
lessons
do not forget to subscribe there either
you have the little button down there because
upload videos every Tuesday and Friday
so if you subscribe you'll be aware
of all the news of your classes
favorites and do not forget to also follow
do meditate on social networks you
I leave the games as there are always down in
the description of this video so
nothing we see in the next
tutorials see you later